fix: update take home project links (#39444)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/take-home-projects/build-a-nightlife-coordination-app.english.md

## Description
<section id='description'>

> <strong>Objective:</strong> Build a full stack JavaScript app that is functionally similar to this: <a href='http://whatsgoinontonight.herokuapp.com/' target='_blank'>http://whatsgoinontonight.herokuapp.com/</a>.

Reviewer: We should always be linking to the `https` version of a site.  The herokuapp.com `http` links do not automatically forward to the `https` version, so we should specify the `https` version. 
```suggestion
<strong>Objective:</strong> Build a full stack JavaScript app that is functionally similar to this: <a href='https://whatsgoinontonight.herokuapp.com/' target='_blank'>https://whatsgoinontonight.herokuapp.com/</a>.
```

Here are the specific user stories you should implement for this project:
<strong>User Story:</strong> As an unauthenticated user, I can view all bars in my area.
<strong>User Story:</strong> As an authenticated user, I can add myself to a bar to indicate I am going there tonight.
<strong>User Story:</strong> As an authenticated user, I can remove myself from a bar if I no longer want to go there.
<strong>User Story:</strong> As an unauthenticated user, when I login I should not have to search again.
<strong>Hint:</strong> Try using the <a href='https://www.yelp.com/developers/documentation/v3' target='_blank'>Yelp API</a> to find venues in the cities your users search for. If you use Yelp's API, be sure to mention so in your app.

> Once you've finished implementing these user stories, enter the URLs for both your live app and your GitHub repository and click the "I've completed this challenge" button.

Author: Thanks for catching that. It'll be more clean and cover all bases. I'll commit this and make sure it's reflected in the other files with similar text.
